	Ten men were on a bus from Madison to Chicago at 2 in the morning. Because it was late in the night, all people on the bus, except Tom,  were sleepy. Tom always stayed up late for his Computer Science course at college. He is used to the living habit. He stared at outside the window purposelessly. Suddenly, he saw a dragon jumping out of a lake along the road.
	Tom could not believe his eyes! He asked around if any of the other men on the bus saw the same thing. But everybody looked at him as though he was out of his mind. Tom decided that it was just a hallucination from him being so tired. But instead of going to sleep, he decided to go on his laptop and do some CS homework. After a few minutes of painful coding, Tom decided to take a break and look out the window again.
	Outside the window, Tom saw the night sky and a full moon that shined bright. Tom watched the moon and thought about how something so  big could appear so small to him. He imagined himself floating next to moon in space. There, he was free from his bus ride and far from his CS homework. As Tom gazed at the moon and calmly thought about this, he saw something fly across the moon.
	Sure enough, there it was: the dragon he had just seen, coming back to test his sanity once again! He instinctively reached for his backpack, where he always kept his phone, but it strangely wasn't there either! In desperation, Tom frantically started to go through his belongings. Could he have left it in his apartment? No, he would have noticed it earlier. As he looked out the window again, though, he noticed the creature was no longer there. He breathed in relief, then turned on his side to try and get some sleep.
	However, the sensation that something was off still lingered in his mind, so he decided to take yet another peek out the window. As soon as he did it, though, he saw the gargantuan head of the dragon looking directly at him just outside the bus! In desperation, Tom closed his eyes and tried to scream, and the entire bus seemed to shake for a moment. Suddenly, quietness. He then opened his eyes to see the bus driver, with a sympathetic look on his face and a hand on his shoulder. All the lights were on, and his computer seemed to have shut down. "Welcome to Chicago, young man!", said the driver.
